chore: Synced file(s) with honestbank/.github (#1)
honestbank/qp: README.md

# qp
<p align="center"><img src="./.github/qp.png" width="600" /></p>

## What is qp?
qp is a queue-processor designed with DX in mind. It basically accepts a queue, accepts your business logic then runs your business logic against all the incoming messages without you having to worry about ack'ing messages, backing off or pushing metrics to your metrics server.

## Why not use the sqs SDK directly?

> We can, the issue is that you want the provider to be abstract so that your code runs against various things. Also as a developers, we don't really like handling boring bits.

Reviewer: Maybe say we want to be able to focus on business logic instead of managing the processing of the business logic we actually want to implement.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We can, the issue is that you want the provider to be abstract so that your code runs against various things. We want to be able to focus on business logic instead of managing the processing of the business logic we actually want to implement.
```
